Add docs for new iteration of ent operator import feature (#29406)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/import/azurekv.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Azure secret import source
description: The Azure KeyVault source imports secrets from Azure to Vault.
---

# Azure secret import source

Use the Azure source to import secret data from Azure KeyVault into your Vault instance.

## Argument reference

Refer to the [HCL syntax](/vault/docs/import#hcl-syntax-1) for arguments common to all source types.

## Additional arguments

Required:

> - `key_vault_uri` `(string)` - The URI of the Azure KeyVault to import from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `key_vault_uri` `(string)` - The URI of the Azure KeyVault you want to import from.
```
As written, it looks like the sentence stops suddenly. I'm providing a clarifying edit assuming that's not the case 😅

> All the following are optional, in which case the default provider mechanisms are used, e.g.
> a preliminary `az login` can suffice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following parameters are optional. If you leave these parameters unset, for example, by using `az login` before importing, Vault uses the default provider mechanisms.
```
I wasn't entirely sure what we're trying to say here. Let me know if this isn't an appropriate edit and I'll rework it.
